NodeInfo labels issue fix (#6912)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

:::

## June 2024

> ### Version 24.05.83003 <!--  June 3, 2024 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version 24.06.83003 <!--  June 3, 2024 -->
```

#### Hotfix

> - Resolved an issue of missing labels for Karpenter manged nodes. (CCM-18139)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved an issue with missing labels for Karpenter-managed nodes. (CCM-18139)
```
